ImageToGD/README.md, before:

# GtGD

Converts [Geometrize](https://www.geometrize.co.uk/) JSON file to a [spwn](https://github.com/Spu7Nix/sPWN-language/) file

Supports:
- [X] Circles
- [ ] Elipses
- [ ] Lines
- [ ] Polylines (Unlikely)
- [ ] Quadratic Beziers (Unlikely)
- [ ] Rectangles
- [ ] Rotated Elipses
- [ ] Rotated Rectangles
- [ ] Triangles

## Prerequisites

- [Geometrize](https://www.geometrize.co.uk/)
- [spwn](https://github.com/Spu7Nix/sPWN-language/)

## Usage

1. On Geometrize, make an image only using supported shapes above, when it looks good save image as "Geometry Data" (or "SVG")
2. Run the script and select the JSON file
3. Press "Yes" on the message box (or run the command listed in the message box)
4. Open the top level in the list on Geometry Dash, set the image colour channel to #000000 (Black) and 0.5 Opacity, and vertically flip the image

### Credits

I got the output of (circle only) geometry data from [frogserver.com](https://frogserver.com/geometrize.php), but all this code is written by me

Commit message:

add ellipses (rotated wip); readme table
extract $ at start
"add" rectangles (wip)

ImageToGD/README.md, after:

# GtGD

Converts [Geometrize](https://www.geometrize.co.uk/) JSON file to a [spwn](https://github.com/Spu7Nix/SPWN-language/) file

Supports:
| Shape              | JSON | SVG |
|:-------------------|:----:|:---:|
| Circle             | ✔    | ✔  |
| Ellipses           | ✔    | ✔  |
| Lines              | ✘    | ✘  |
| Polylines          | ✘    | ✘  |
| Quadratic Beziers  | ✘    | ✘  |
| Rectangles         | ✘*   | ✘  |
| Rotated Ellipses   | ✘    | ✔^ |
| Rotated Rectangles | ✘    | ✘  |
| Triangles          | ✘    | ✘  |

*Yes, but only when perfect square (which from my small test 44/1000 shapes are) position is also wrong
^Rotated objects need to be horizontally flipped

## Prerequisites

- [Geometrize](https://www.geometrize.co.uk/)
- [spwn](https://github.com/Spu7Nix/SPWN-language/)

## Usage

1. On Geometrize, make an image only using supported shapes above, when it looks good save image as "Geometry Data" (or "SVG")
2. Run the script and select the JSON file
3. Press "Yes" on the message box (or run the command listed in the message box)
4. Open the top level in the list on Geometry Dash, set the image colour channel to #000000 (Black) and 0.5 Opacity, and vertically flip the image

### Credits

I got the output of (circle only) geometry data from [frogserver.com](https://frogserver.com/geometrize.php), but all this code is written by me
